[DOCS] CLI Clean-up (#7904)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/docusaurus/docs/guides/setup/configuring_data_docs/how_to_host_and_share_data_docs_on_gcs.md

### 4. Deploy your Google App Engine app

> Issue the following CLI command from within the app directory created above:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following CLI command from within the app directory you created previously:
```

Is CLI correct here?

### 7. Build the GCS Data Docs site

> The following Python code will run and open your Data Docs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the the following Python code to build and open your Data Docs:
```
